README.md, before:

# Awesome Conferences [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> An awesome list of open-source or low-cost software useful for organising conferences, symposia, workshops and all kinds of events, with an added focus on live streaming.


## Contents

- [Event Organisation](#event-organisation)
- [Peer Review](#peer-review)
- [Audience Interaction](#audience-interaction)
  - [Audience Response Systems](#audience-response-systems)
  - [Q&A](#qa)
- [Volunteer Organisation](#volunteer-organisation)
- [Web Streaming](#web-streaming)
  - [Web Conferencing Platforms](#web-conferencing-platforms)
  - [Online Streaming](#online-streaming)
  - [Vision Mixers](#vision-mixers)
  - [Video Calling](#video-calling)
- [Signage](#signage)
- [Guides](#guides)

## Event Organisation

Tools responsible for event registration, scheduling and archival.

- :page_with_curl: [Indico](https://getindico.io/) by CERN
- :page_with_curl: [Open Source Event Manager (OSEM)](https://osem.io/)

## Peer Review

- :page_with_curl: [Review Board](https://www.reviewboard.org/)
- :page_with_curl: [Open Journal Systems](https://pkp.sfu.ca/ojs/)

## Audience Interaction

### Audience Response Systems

- :page_with_curl: [Particify](https://particify.de/)

### Q&A

- :page_with_curl: [IndiQA](https://github.com/kongr45gpen/indiqa/)

## Volunteer Organisation

- :page_with_curl: [COSCUP Volunteer](https://github.com/COSCUP/COSCUP-Volunteer)
- :page_with_curl: [FOSDEM Volunteer Management](https://github.com/FOSDEM/volunteers)

## Web Streaming

Everything you need to connect with speakers and/or participants across the globe.

### Web Conferencing Platforms

- :page_with_curl: [BigBlueButton](https://bigbluebutton.org/)
- :page_with_curl: [Jitsi Meet](https://meet.jit.si/)
- :page_with_curl: [Revolt](https://github.com/revoltchat)

### Video Calling

These platforms allow extracting individual audio/video feeds from each participant:

- :page_with_curl: [VDO.Ninja](https://github.com/steveseguin/vdo.ninja)

A number of commonly available paid tools also support some of these features:

- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Zoom Rooms](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061903532-Using-Network-Device-Interface-NDI-) (NDI)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [VideoCom Zoom Bridge](https://www.videocom.at/zoom-bridge) (NDI)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Microsoft Teams](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/broadcasting-audio-and-video-from-teams-with-ndi-and-sdi-technology-e91a0adb-96b9-4dca-a2cd-07181276afa3) (NDI)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Skype](https://www.skype.com/en/content-creators/) (NDI)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Epiphan Connect](https://www.epiphan.com/connect/) (SRT)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [vMix Call](https://www.vmix.com/products/vmix-call.aspx)

### Online Streaming

- :page_with_curl: [Open Streaming Platform](https://openstreamingplatform.com/)
- :page_with_curl: [Owncast](https://owncast.online/)

#### Media Streaming Servers

- :page_with_curl: [MonaServer](https://github.com/MonaSolutions/MonaServer2)
- :page_with_curl: [mkvserver_mk2](https://github.com/klaxa/mkvserver_mk2)
- :page_with_curl: [NGINX-rtmp](https://github.com/arut/nginx-rtmp-module)

### Vision Mixers

- :page_with_curl: [OBS Studio](https://github.com/revoltchat)

### Graphics/Lower Thirds

Graphics tools allow showing live, real-time graphics in your live stream or to your presenters, and are
usually easy to integrate with existing vision mixers.

- :page_with_curl: [socialstream.ninja](https://github.com/steveseguin/social_stream) (live social messaging feeds)
- :page_with_curl: [NodeCG](https://github.com/nodecg/nodecg) (general graphics based on Javascript)
- :page_with_curl: [SPX-GC](https://github.com/tuomoku/spx-gc/) (general graphics for CasparCG or VDO softwre)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [stagetimer.io](https://stagetimer.io/) (countdown timers)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [H2R Graphics](https://h2r.graphics/) (general production graphics, offline)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [gfx.live](https://gfx.live/) (general production graphics, online)

### Playback

- :page_with_curl: [CasparCG](https://github.com/CasparCG/)

### Utilities

- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Dashmaster 2K](https://dashmaster2k.com/) (interactive dashboards)

## Signage

Tools dedicated to real-time signage.

- :page_with_curl: [Anthias](https://github.com/Screenly/Anthias)
- :page_with_curl: [Concerto](https://github.com/concerto/concerto)
- :page_with_curl: [piSignage](https://github.com/colloqi/piSignage)
- :page_with_curl: [Xibo](https://github.com/xibosignage/xibo)

## Guides

- [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg) Awesome Conference Practices](https://github.com/kitze/awesome-conference-practices)
- [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg) Awesome Audio](https://github.com/DolbyIO/awesome-audio)
- [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg) Awesome Broadcasting](https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting)
- [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg) Awesome NDI](https://github.com/florisporro/awesome-ndi) (Network Device Interface)
- [How we hosted FOSDEM 2021 on Matrix](https://matrix.org/blog/2021/02/15/how-we-hosted-fosdem-2021-on-matrix)
- [Streaming with FFmpeg](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/StreamingGuide)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! If you have used or heard good words about an open-source tool useful for any kinds of events, feel free to [submit a Pull Request](https://github.com/kongr45gpen/awesome-conferences/pulls)!

Commit message:

Add a bunch of more tools

README.md, after:

# Awesome Conferences [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> An awesome list of open-source or low-cost software useful for organising conferences, symposia, workshops and all kinds of events, with an added focus on live streaming.


## Contents

- [Event Organisation](#event-organisation)
- [Peer Review](#peer-review)
- [Audience Interaction](#audience-interaction)
  - [Audience Response Systems](#audience-response-systems)
  - [Q&A](#qa)
- [Volunteer Organisation](#volunteer-organisation)
- [Web Streaming](#web-streaming)
  - [Web Conferencing Platforms](#web-conferencing-platforms)
  - [Online Streaming](#online-streaming)
  - [Vision Mixers](#vision-mixers)
  - [Video Calling](#video-calling)
- [Signage](#signage)
- [Guides](#guides)

## Event Organisation

Tools responsible for event registration, scheduling and archival.

- :page_with_curl: [Indico](https://getindico.io/) by CERN
- :page_with_curl: [Open Source Event Manager (OSEM)](https://osem.io/)
- :page_with_curl: [Drupal Conference Organizing Distribution](https://www.drupal.org/project/cod)
- :page_with_curl: [Open Event](https://github.com/fossasia/open-event)
- :page_with_curl: [Mini-Conf](https://github.com/Mini-Conf/Mini-Conf)
- :page_with_curl: [frab](https://github.com/frab/frab)
- :page_with_curl: [OpenCFP](https://github.com/opencfp/opencfp)
- :page_with_curl: [Pretalx](https://github.com/pretalx/pretalx)
- :page_with_curl: [OpenConferenceWare](https://github.com/osbridge/openconferenceware)

## Peer Review

- :page_with_curl: [Review Board](https://www.reviewboard.org/)
- :page_with_curl: [Open Journal Systems](https://pkp.sfu.ca/ojs/)
- :page_with_curl: [HotCRP](https://github.com/kohler/hotcrp)

## Audience Interaction

### Audience Response Systems

- :page_with_curl: [Particify](https://particify.de/)

### Q&A

- :page_with_curl: [IndiQA](https://github.com/kongr45gpen/indiqa/)
- :page_with_curl: [SpeakerChat](https://github.com/dabit3/speakerchat)

## Volunteer Organisation

- :page_with_curl: [COSCUP Volunteer](https://github.com/COSCUP/COSCUP-Volunteer)
- :page_with_curl: [FOSDEM Volunteer Management](https://github.com/FOSDEM/volunteers)

## Web Streaming

Everything you need to connect with speakers and/or participants across the globe.

### Web Conferencing Platforms

- :page_with_curl: [BigBlueButton](https://bigbluebutton.org/)
- :page_with_curl: [Jitsi Meet](https://meet.jit.si/)
- :page_with_curl: [Revolt](https://github.com/revoltchat)

### Video Calling

These platforms allow extracting individual audio/video feeds from each participant:

- :page_with_curl: [VDO.Ninja](https://github.com/steveseguin/vdo.ninja)

A number of commonly available paid tools also support some of these features:

- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Zoom Rooms](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061903532-Using-Network-Device-Interface-NDI-) (NDI)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [VideoCom Zoom Bridge](https://www.videocom.at/zoom-bridge) (NDI)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Microsoft Teams](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/broadcasting-audio-and-video-from-teams-with-ndi-and-sdi-technology-e91a0adb-96b9-4dca-a2cd-07181276afa3) (NDI)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Skype](https://www.skype.com/en/content-creators/) (NDI)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Epiphan Connect](https://www.epiphan.com/connect/) (SRT)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [vMix Call](https://www.vmix.com/products/vmix-call.aspx)

### Online Streaming

- :page_with_curl: [Open Streaming Platform](https://openstreamingplatform.com/)
- :page_with_curl: [Owncast](https://owncast.online/)

#### Media Streaming Servers

- :page_with_curl: [MonaServer](https://github.com/MonaSolutions/MonaServer2)
- :page_with_curl: [mkvserver_mk2](https://github.com/klaxa/mkvserver_mk2)
- :page_with_curl: [NGINX-rtmp](https://github.com/arut/nginx-rtmp-module)

### Vision Mixers

- :page_with_curl: [OBS Studio](https://github.com/revoltchat)

### Graphics/Lower Thirds

Graphics tools allow showing live, real-time graphics in your live stream or to your presenters, and are
usually easy to integrate with existing vision mixers.

- :page_with_curl: [socialstream.ninja](https://github.com/steveseguin/social_stream) (live social messaging feeds)
- :page_with_curl: [NodeCG](https://github.com/nodecg/nodecg) (general graphics based on Javascript)
- :page_with_curl: [SPX-GC](https://github.com/tuomoku/spx-gc/) (general graphics for CasparCG or VDO softwre)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [stagetimer.io](https://stagetimer.io/) (countdown timers)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [H2R Graphics](https://h2r.graphics/) (general production graphics, offline)
- :heavy_dollar_sign: [gfx.live](https://gfx.live/) (general production graphics, online)

### Playback

- :page_with_curl: [CasparCG](https://github.com/CasparCG/)

### Utilities

- :heavy_dollar_sign: [Dashmaster 2K](https://dashmaster2k.com/) (interactive dashboards)

## Labelling things

### Real-time signage

- :page_with_curl: [Anthias](https://github.com/Screenly/Anthias)
- :page_with_curl: [Concerto](https://github.com/concerto/concerto)
- :page_with_curl: [piSignage](https://github.com/colloqi/piSignage)
- :page_with_curl: [Xibo](https://github.com/xibosignage/xibo)

### Attendee Badges

- :page_with_curl: [Badgeyay](https://github.com/fossasia/badgeyay)
- :page_with_curl: [Vrooje Conference Badges](https://github.com/vrooje/conference-badges)

## Websites

Useful pre-built template websites for your event.

- :page_with_curl: [Zeppelin / GDG DevFest 2014](https://github.com/gdg-x/zeppelin)
- :page_with_curl: [Hoverboard / GDG](https://github.com/gdg-x/hoverboard)

## Legal

- [anjuan/speaker-agreement](https://github.com/anjuan/speaker-agreement): Contract between event organisers and speakers

## Guides

- [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg) Awesome Conference Practices](https://github.com/kitze/awesome-conference-practices)
- [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg) Awesome Audio](https://github.com/DolbyIO/awesome-audio)
- [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg) Awesome Broadcasting](https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting)
- [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg) Awesome NDI](https://github.com/florisporro/awesome-ndi) (Network Device Interface)
- [An improvised list of opensource conference management software](https://olea.org/diario/2017/10/27/opensource-conference-management-software.html)
- [How we hosted FOSDEM 2021 on Matrix](https://matrix.org/blog/2021/02/15/how-we-hosted-fosdem-2021-on-matrix)
- [Streaming with FFmpeg](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/StreamingGuide)
- [The Software Sustainability Institute's Event Organisation Guide (SSI-EOG)](https://event-organisation-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)
- [The Less Obvious Conference Checklist](https://github.com/mxsasha/lessobviouschecklist)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! If you have used or heard good words about an open-source tool useful for any kinds of events, feel free to [submit a Pull Request](https://github.com/kongr45gpen/awesome-conferences/pulls)!
